# 4 Best Designed Restaurants in Brickell

> The Best Designed Restaurants in Brickell. If you love Miami and love bites and environments that tantalize the eyes and the palette this is for you.  

_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/4-best-designed-restaurants-in-brickell.html_

4 Best Designed Restaurants in Brickell All Technology Design Lifestyle 4 Best Designed Restaurants in Brickell It’s no secret Miami has become a must-visit city for its vibrant culinary scene. But it’s not just the flavors that have foodies wanting to book a resy. With highly sought-after flavors comes a tribe of designers/architects whose jobs are to ensure the vibe and concept of each restaurant are up to par with the presentation of every dish. From newcomers on the scene to swank, sophisticated outposts that have garnered A-listers weekly, we’re breaking down Brickell’s top four restaurants with the best interior design. At these hot spots, what’s on your plate is just as impressive as the surroundings. Dirty French Steakhouse 1200 Brickell Ave., Miami, FL 33131 In the heart of Miami’s Brickell neighborhood lies the new, hottest steakhouse: Dirty French , featuring the best meat and seafood selections with a touch of French flare. This culinary gem is an over-the-top, animal-print-obsessed eatery envisioned by the one-and-only Ken Fulk. It’s just another reason to visit Miami—or another reason to call Brickell home . Dirty French’s concept eludes an 80s-era swagger that only Miami’s glamorous scene can fully enjoy. Before dinner, head to the Jungle Bar for a tasty tipple like the Ziggy Stardust and sit on one of the fringed cheetah print bar stools while admiring the custom leaf-patterned walls and Murano glass leaf chandelier. From there, dine inside one of a handful of dining rooms, each boasting its own playful character. The main room is dimly lit and boasts zebra print dining chairs. Steps away is a private dining parlor inclusive of plum banquettes for more intimate gatherings. One of Dirty French’s dining rooms even features floor-to-ceiling mirrored disco ball walls, colored mirrored tables, and a Ken Fulk–designed rug in collaboration with Pierre Frey. This best-designed restaurant was conceived by the globally renowned hospitality group Major Food Group (MFG), which operates a handful of popular concepts including Carbone and ZZ’s Club. They will debut a new residential living community soon for those who can’t get enough of their sophisticated concepts and want to make it part of their lifestyle. The Lowdown: In the heart of Brickell, Dirty French Steakhouse is accessible to many of the area’s hottest residences including Echo Brickell , Lofty Brickell , and the up-and-coming MAJOR Residences . Hutong 600 Brickell Ave., Miami, FL 33131 The next best-designed restaurant on our Brickell list hails from Hong Kong and brings a fresh take to upscale Chinese cuisine. Hutong made its debut in 2019 and marks the brand’s second U.S. outpost following its New York locale. There’s plenty to love at Hutong, including its expansive menu offering everything from truffle mushroom bao buns to Zhen Jiang pork ribs to Hutong Dan Dan Noodles (Sichuan classic dish served in a spicy minced pork, sesame, and peanut broth). But, the interiors take this culinary experience to the next level with traditional Chinese design elements mixed with Miami art influences, making this one stunningly designed restaurant not to miss. The breathtaking atmosphere, designed by Norberto Rosenstein Architect Inc., has all the wow factors. First, 35,000 antique grey bricks expand to the tops of the restaurant’s high ceilings, which are said to be hand-chiseled and were transported all the way from a Chinese building built in the 1930s. There’s a “Great Wall” of hand-carved wood panels that pulsate in light and color when the restaurants bring in the hottest DJs, and every other inch features an immaculate design element you have to see to believe. Head to this outpost for lunch, dinner, and two-hour Bubbles and Bao brunch. The Lowdown: Hutong’s locale makes it an ideal dinner hangout for those living in Brickell proper such as at Brickell Flatiron , or close-by in downtown at Paramount Miami Worldcenter . Sexy Fish 1001 S Miami Ave, Miami, FL 33130 Get ready to dine at one of the newest, over-the-top Brickell haunts with Sexy Fish . Designed by Martin Brudnizki Design Studio, this design-forward outpost is the sister concept to Richard Caring’s lauded Sexy Fish London and sits on Miami’s famed Brickell Avenue. Say what you want about the food—many out-of-towners and locals alike come simply to admire the glamorous and opulent artworks by Damien Hirst, plus an insane installation by celebrated architect and designer Frank Gehry, whose 26 fish lamps play and sway to the overall concept. Between bites of Wagyu Tataki and Chilean sea bass sneak a peek at the restaurant’s grandeur, which even extends to the ornate bathrooms. The women’s restroom carries the underwater theme with mermaid tail sinks, while the men’s room features a cameo by James Bond with a life-like sculpture of Daniel Craig in scuba gear. It’s one aqua fantasy that keeps on giving. The Lowdown: Surrounded by Brickell’s hottest nightlife, Sexy Fish is sure to become a weekly dinner (or lunch go-to), especially for those who live close by in the Baccarat Residences or Cipriani Residences , Komodo 801 Brickell Ave, Miami, FL 33131 We would be remiss if we didn’t include one of downtown Miami’s most famed restaurants on this best-designed Brickell restaurant list. While it’s not new, Komodo still ranks as one of the best Miami restaurants in town—and it’s not just because of the food. Foodies come to enjoy a vibe-heavy atmosphere underscored by a design inspired by the Komodo dragon native to Southeast Asia. New York–based ICRAVE is behind the floating, tropical oasis that takes over two floors of space. Focal points range from 40-foot ceilings dotted with oversized bamboo rods and illuminated metals. The room is sultry red and gives off a treehouse vibe visible via five floating bird’s nest pods, which are home to several private dining spaces. Outside is just as stunning with lush gardens that play into the Asian-themed design. The Lowdown: Locals and soon-to-be residents will definitely make Komodo part of their weekly rotation after one visit. With its close proximity to downtown, this restaurant is easily accessible even to those a little farther north . Live Near The Action If you're looking for a luxurious condo in an unbeatable location like Brickell (neighboring amazing restaurants and entertainment look, no further). At LiveModern , we pride ourselves on being the go-to luxury real estate company for finding clients the home or condo that suits their lifestyle and individual needs. If you need help finding your home in South Florida Contact us today . Posted by Live Modern on September 14th, 2022 Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
