# 8HUNDRED North New Townhome Project in Fort Lauderdale

> Nestled in the heart of Fort Lauderdale's vibrant Victoria Park, 8HUNDRED North offers residents luxury townhomes with all the amenities for a life of comfort. 

_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/8hundred-north-at-victoria-park-a-luxury-townhome-project-in-fort-lauderdales-beloved-victoria-park.html_

8HUNDRED North New Townhome Project in Fort Lauderdale All Technology Design Lifestyle 8HUNDRED North At Victoria Park: A Luxury Townhome Project in Fort Lauderdale's Beloved Victoria Park Looking for a luxurious townhome project in Fort Lauderdale? Look no further than the stunning new construction project - 8HUNDRED North - at one of the city's most beloved locations - Victoria Park. This new development offers stunning townhomes with all of the bells and whistles that luxury buyers are looking for. If you're interested in learning more about this exciting project, read on. This article will provide an overview of the project, including its location, features, and pricing. The Location First up, let's talk about the development's incredible location. Victoria Park is one of the most sought-after neighborhoods in all of South Florida, and it's easy to see why. This charming community offers a sense of small-town living, while still being just minutes from all of the shopping, dining, and entertainment that Fort Lauderdale and Las Olas is known for. The vibe in Victoria Park is relaxed and laid-back, yet still sophisticated. It's the perfect place to call home if you're looking for a balance of luxury and comfort. With over 165 miles of waterways and canals, as well as seven miles of beautiful beaches with fresh ocean air near by, it's easy to see why Victoria Park is such a desirable place to live. This upscale neighborhood boasts architectural gems, tree-lined streets, and million-dollar homes. Fine dining and luxury shopping are in abundance along famed Las Olas Blvd just literal steps from Victoria Park. You'll find everything from high-end boutiques to world-class restaurants. In addition, the area is home to some of Fort Lauderdale's most popular museums and art galleries, like Bonnet House Museum & Gardens, Stranahan House Museum, and NSU Art Museum Fort Lauderdale. You also can't forget about the city's beautiful Hugh Taylor Birch State Park, which is just a stone's throw away from Victoria Park. The Features Now that we've covered the development's impressive location, let's take a look at its features. As a one-of-a-kind expansion, each town townhome at 8HUNDRED North comes complete with: Approx. 2,650 SF air-conditioned (A/C) area with 11-ft ceilings 4,100 SF of total living area including balconies, and rooftop terrace Thoughtfully designed 3 bedroom & 3.5 bathroom floor plans Two-car garages (Electric Vehicle ready) Private elevator with rooftop terrace access Provision for outdoor jacuzzi and summer kitchen Private yards with an option for a heated swimming pool Smart home technology with low-voltage wiring system Full concrete structure and hurricane impact windows & doors Picture coming home to your own personal oasis, complete with a private elevator, two-car garage, and a stunning rooftop terrace. With 8HUNDRED North, that dream can become a reality. Not to mention, this new construction development is also smart home technology ready - meaning that you can control everything from anywhere, using your fingertips and your phone or tablet. It's the little details that make all the difference. The Residence Indoor-outdoor living is a must in Florida, and 8HUNDRED North does not disappoint. Each townhome comes complete with a private yard - perfect for hosting friends and family or simply relaxing in the Florida sun. And if you're looking for an even more luxurious experience, you can opt for the gas-heated swimming pool package. For just $40,000, you can upgrade your private yard to include a 14' x 7' pool - larger than many of the other townhome pools in the area. Hesitant about power outages? No problem. You can also opt for the generator package, which includes a Generac 22KW generator with two load shed modules. This gas-powered generator will be installed on your rooftop, giving you peace of mind in the event of a power outage. The generator package is just $22,000, a steal for the added peace of mind. Last but not least, the summer kitchen package (available with or without a Jacuzzi) is the perfect addition to any 8HUNDRED North townhome. Imagine entertaining guests in your own private outdoor kitchen, cooking up a storm as you watch the sunset over the city. Pricing for the summer kitchen package has not yet been released, but it's sure to be worth the wait. The Pricing There are currently 6 floor plan options, all offering 3 beds and 3.5 baths and ranging in size from 2,355 to 4,239 square feet. All townhomes come complete with a private balcony, rooftop terrace, and two-car garage. Starting at $1.6M, 8HUNDRED North's townhomes are some of the most competitively priced in the area. For all that this new development has to offer, you'd be hard-pressed to find a better deal. The Conclusion If you're looking for a luxurious townhome in an unbeatable location, look no further than 8HUNDRED North. With competitive pricing and a long list of features and amenities, this development is sure to impress. At LiveModern , we pride ourselves on being the go-to luxury real estate site for all of South Florida. Be sure to check our website for more information on this and other developments in the area . Or, enquire directly with us for all the latest news and updates. Timeless, classic, and chic. You can't go wrong with 8HUNDRED North. Contact us today to learn more. Posted by Live Modern on August 25th, 2022 Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
