# A New Wave of Coastal Living at Olara West Palm Beach

> Olara West Palm Beach is one of the newest New-Construction residential buildings coming to West Palm Beach. This luxury residence will be the start of luxury residences along the North Flagler corridor.

_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/a-new-wave-of-coastal-living-at-olara-west-palm-beach.html_

A New Wave of Coastal Living at Olara West Palm Beach All Technology Design Lifestyle Discover a new wave of coastal living at Olara West Palm Beach It may seem like Miami is at the forefront of the residential development boom in South Florida. But Palm Beach County is quickly on the rise . With its high demand for condo living, an influx of luxury residences are going up rapidly. One of the newest and most exclusive offerings is Olara West Palm Beach , a luxury waterfront residential oasis in The Palm Beaches. Dubbed “a haven for effortless living,” Olara’s 26 floors of two- to four-bedroom plus den residences feature exquisitely designed indoor and outdoor spaces overlooking the Intracoastal, complemented by a holistic amenity suite on the sixth floor. New York–based real estate investment and development firm Savanna is behind the new condominium whose 80,000 square feet of property allow future homeowners to enjoy every luxury experience that makes the Palm Beach lifestyle oh-so alluring. “South Florida is an iconic destination, and its popularity — especially among New Yorkers — is continuing to grow,” shares Chris Schlank, President and Co-Chairman of Savanna. “We decided to focus on West Palm Beach because of the city’s incredible potential… we feel that our project Olara will spur a luxury transformation.” Olara also marks the first time a five-star condominium project will debut on North Flagler. “It is poised to change expectations for the area,” he says. “North Flagler is on track to become the nation’s next major corridor for the live-work-play lifestyle.” Read along as we uncover this new waterfront gem distinguished by a private marina, unparalleled amenities, and more. Quick Facts: Olara West Palm Beach 26 stories 275 finished residences Limited collection of penthouses Over two acres of resort-inspired indoor and outdoor amenity spaces 30,000-square-foot, celebrity-chef–helmed restaurant Epicurean marketplace Private marina located along the Intracoastal Starts at $2 million Estimated Completion: 2026 Olara Residences Savanna enlisted help from the renowned architecture firm Arquitectonica to create the residences, which range from two- to four-bedrooms plus a den. The building is inspired by the water and fluidity found near the Olara community. Interior design firm Gabellini Sheppard Associates will assist in creating elegant and effortless interiors, each detail refreshing and designed with well-being in mind. “Our vision was to honor the water in which Olara overlooks,” says Schlank. “Floor-to-ceiling windows, expansive terraces, and soft architectural curves maximize the views and ensure residents feel connected to the natural environment. From the European-style, gourmet kitchens to the spa-like dual water closets, the lifestyle was thoughtfully designed to be a personal paradise in South Florida.” Here’s what to expect at Olara West Palm Beach: Floor-to-ceiling windows that open to 10-foot-deep terraces European-style gourmet kitchen with marble countertops, backsplash, and island Professional-grade appliances Full-size, climate-controlled butler closets Main bedrooms with walk-in closets Dual water closets and spa-inspired bathrooms Olara At Your Service Olara’s interiors alone are enough to make you want to live here, but it’s the warm hospitality and meticulous attention to detail that makes this a living experience like none other. A 24-hour doorman plus valet and porter services are available to Olara residents. There’s a dedicated resident manager and concierge to help you with everything — nothing is ever too large or small. When you work up an appetite, enjoy meals either via catering by a to-be-named chef-helmed eatery or utilize the in-home dining service on the property. The condo also created a dedicated Olara app for residents so that everything is at their fingertips. Exceptional Amenities at Olara West Palm Beach Just when you thought Olara couldn’t get any better — it does with its unparalleled indoor and outdoor amenities, all located on a private sixth-floor deck. The project’s nearly 80,000 square feet of amenities were designed like a five-star resort, providing a “well-rounded, hassle-free lifestyle” to those who will reside at the tower, says Schlank. From health and wellness to leisurely pursuits, there’s something for everyone. Take a look: Health & Wellness The details announced for Olara’s health-related amenities begin with a world-class fitness center designed by The Wright Fit and end with a Japanese-inspired Onsen (hot springs naturally occurring in Japan due to its volcanic state). And there’s so much more in between — 13,000 square feet of indoor and outdoor fitness spaces, including an open-air yoga deck, performance training zones with indoor-outdoor turf lanes, a calming energy studio for - yoga, mat Pilates, and breath work. Enjoy sauna, steam, and treatment rooms plus cold plunge, vitality pools, and an ice fountain to reinvigorate your senses. Leisure & Entertainment For those who prefer a little more stimulation, head to the waterfront veranda and library, or multimedia lounge to enjoy the newest flicks and TV shows. Take a dip in the leisure pool and spa, swim some laps, and relax in one of the poolside cabanas. Residents can also reserve the private dining room to host friends and family, and make use of the catering kitchen. Nautical lovers will find a private marina with six boat slips available for use. Schlank also notes a bevy of seafaring experiences will be available to future residents with activities like snorkeling and day charters for fishing and more. Local Love Near Olara West Palm Beach Aside from Olara’s wow-factor lifestyle on the property, residents will be able to enjoy all there is to offer around town, just minutes from the building. “Olara is a well-positioned, four-acre modern oasis with close proximity to world-class shopping, dining, and white-sand beaches,” says Schlank. “The location on the Intracoastal, as well as the building’s private marina and exciting epicurean marketplace and restaurant, will set a new standard for the neighborhood.” From Palm Beach Island’s picturesque shopping and dining destinations to Downtown West Palm Beach, The Square, nightlife on Clematis Street and entertainment at The Kravis Center, there’s something for everyone to enjoy. We can’t forget to mention the many outdoor wonders of Palm Beach County. Expansive beaches, Loggerhead Marinelife Center, and miles of ground to cover in natural parks will keep you exploring all year long. Olara is also located near the West Palm Beach Brightline station , so you can travel with ease to surrounding South Florida counties. A day trip to Fort Lauderdale or Miami has never been easier! Schlank’s final message for us was “Olara is forging the way for new growth in the area of North Flagler. In a sense, we are creating the blueprint for tomorrow. We’re proud to have fostered great partnerships with community leaders who also believe in our vision to transform West Palm Beach into a top-world destination for prime real estate.” Learn more about Olara West Palm Beach and discover how to make this waterfront oasis your new home. Want to speak to an Olara specialist about potentially purchasing one of the one-of-a-kind residences click here . Posted by Live Modern on February 24th, 2023 Tags Olara West Palm Beach (1) west palm beach condos (1) waterfront residences (1) New construction on N Flagler (1) waterfront condos (1) Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
