# Waterfront Condos at ALBA Palm Beach

> Alba Palm Beach is introducing a limited-edition waterfront lifestyle that is hard to come by, get a taste of prime waterfront living at Alba Palm Beach. This interview with the development team behind Alba Palm Beach sheds light on what we can expec

_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/a-taste-of-prime-waterfront-living-at-alba-palm-beach.html_

Waterfront Condos at ALBA Palm Beach All Technology Design Lifestyle A taste of prime waterfront living at Alba Palm Beach While many developers are opting for a “bigger is better” mentality in South Florida especially when it comes to waterfront condos (think: towering highrises dotting every open lot spanning the Tri-County area), BGI Companies —along with co-developer Blue Road Group —are slowing things down with a brand-new residential project: Alba Palm Beach . The teams behind the new development in Northwood say Alba will “redefine waterfront living in The Palm Beaches,” thanks to 55 intimately sized, graciously appointed residences plus a variety of amenities on the sixth floor to boot. These will include virtual conference spaces, a theater, and multi-sport simulator rooms to name a few. “Alba Palm Beach is introducing a limited-edition waterfront lifestyle that is hard to come by in today’s market, particularly in South Florida,” says Kenneth Baboun , developer of Alba Palm Beach. “We are creating a luxury destination where the best of high-caliber products, high-quality workmanship, and elevated amenities meet.” Baboun assures future residents that Alba’s location on the west bank of the Intracoastal will offer residents access to the best of the best—enjoy exploring local beaches, shopping on Worth Avenue, boating on the Atlantic, checking out Palm Beach’s arts and culture scene, and more. Architect Spina O’Rourke helms Alba Palm Beach’s interior design while Schmidt Nichols is behind the landscape/hardscape work to transform Alba’s 22-story tower, plus four two- and three-story townhomes. Set on 1.71 acres with direct Intracoastal frontage, Alba's waterfront condos are guaranteed to effortlessly evoke desirable coastal living vibes. As of December, the development team says they received “a strong response” in pre-sales with more than 30 percent of the building reserved. View Alba Palm Beach's Waterfront Condos for Sale here. LiveModern spoke with Mr. Kenneth Baboun, developer of Alba Palm Beach to learn more about this new Palm Beach development set to debut in 2025. Read along to discover why you should have your eye on this new gem. What are the benefits of living in a boutique-sized property like Alba? KB: The attention to detail in a boutique property is unmatched. The experience is really tailored to the specific resident at the development with unique touches like privacy and personalized conveniences. Walk us through each residential unit. KB: Each residence offers spacious layouts with in-demand amenities, including summer kitchens on the 16-foot-deep terraces, floor-to-ceiling hurricane impact windows, Italian-designed kitchens by Italkraft, spa-like baths, and smart-home technology. All the residences will be move-in ready. SubZero, Wolf, and Cove's high-end appliances will be used with integrated paneling. All kitchens and bathrooms will be finished with matte lacquer cabinetry in two different color palettes and a quartz countertop with a reverse bevel knife edge. Bathrooms will find illuminated vanity mirrors. Primary bathrooms (in select residences) will include a decorative book-match accent porcelain slab wall. Grand outdoor terraces and summer kitchens will include SubZero, Wolf, and Electri-Chef grills. Tell us about the designer finishes and materials in Alba’s common areas. The common areas will incorporate an exquisite mix of stone and wood finishes throughout. The sixth-floor resident-only lounge and the wellness amenities include a sunset and sunrise pool, spa, gym, yoga, treatment room, and a private dining room with owners’ wine lockers. Describe the technological features on display. KB: Each residence will be equipped with smart-home technology, which will be able to support lighting, shades, sound, and thermostat. Each parking space will be EV-ready for those residents that have an electric vehicle. What kinds of amenities can future guests expect to enjoy daily? KB: There will be on-site resident conveniences, which will include pool towel service, 24/7 valet, and concierge services. The on-site private dock will provide our residents with an instant connection to the water for boating, sailing, kayaking, and paddle-boarding excursions. As a closing gift, Alba Palm Beach is offering each residence a coveted 1-year membership to the Palm Beach Yacht Club. What else should we know about Alba’s Palm Beach debut? KB: The Alba Palm Beach development team wanted to create the most sophisticated residential condominium on the market with exquisite materials and expansive layouts capturing the most dynamic views of Palm Beach and beyond. Pairing privacy and tranquility and exceptional access to nearby entertainment and world-class dining and shopping. Listening to the market and what buyers wanted in a primary residence or pied-a-terre, is what makes Alba Palm Beach so exceptional. With a collection of 55 two- to three-bedroom residences, and four-bedroom townhomes with direct waterfront views, Alba is a can’t-miss opportunity for future living. Introductory pricing starts at $2.5 million. For more information on Alba Palm Beach waterfront condos or to discover what makes this the ultimate waterfront locale, contact us today. Posted by Live Modern on December 23rd, 2022 Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
