# ALINA Residences Boca Raton

> Behind the Design: ALINA Residences Boca Raton

_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/behind-the-design-alina-residences.html_

ALINA Residences Boca Raton All Technology Design Lifestyle Behind the Design: ALINA Residences Boca Raton Jorge Garcia and Peter Stromberg ( GS4 Studios ) have created architecture and interior design solutions for hospitality, residential, and mixed-use buildings such as The Boca Raton, One Thousand Ocean at the Boca inlet, Pier 66, Adagio Residences, and Cypress City Center in Fort Lauderdale under their eponymous firm for over 30 years in South Florida. So it’s no surprise they were tapped to take the lead behind the design of ALINA Residences—downtown Boca Raton’s “most thoughtfully conceived new, private community.” Developed by El-Ad National Properties, Alina Residences Boca Raton comprises a nine-story, 121-residence building featuring resort-inspired amenities focused on wellness. In March, El-Ad National broke ground on the second and final phase: two new residential buildings, ALINA 210 and ALINA 220, set to debut in 2024. The three towers will feature one to four bedrooms (ranging from $2 million - $8 million), many of which overlook The Boca Raton golf course. Once completed, the luxury property will comprise 303 units plus a myriad of shared spaces and amenities across the expansive campus with a strong focus on wellness. Think: two private rooftop pools, outdoor dining and entertainment areas, two dog parks, his and hers Spas with dry saunas, steam rooms, treatment rooms, and indoor and outdoor relaxation rooms—plus plenty more! Ready to learn more? Here, we spoke with Stromberg and Jackelin Rodriguez, director of interiors at Garcia Stromberg/GS4 Studios, to chat more about what went into the design of Boca’s ALINA Residences. What made you both want to take on the design of Alina Residences? Stromberg : ALINA Residences offered an opportunity to create a modern luxury residential project in the heart of Boca Raton. The site presented a tremendous opportunity to create custom residences that could simultaneously enjoy privacy and security, the convenience and benefits of living downtown, and the exclusivity and views offered by bordering The Boca Raton golf course and property. The site geometry and size allowed for the incorporation of tremendous outdoor living and gathering experiences. It is the ultimate Florida living. Where did you draw inspiration for this project? Stromberg : Studying the site's natural characteristics and geometries was the inspiration for the overall project layout, maximizing residential views and indoor/outdoor living environments. The building forms were designed to break down the overall scale of the project into a more boutique living experience and maximize the building perimeter to interact with the outdoor environment. The building materials selected are timeless in their attributes and are placed to complement the natural tones and hues of the surrounding landscape. What can you tell us about the feel, color scheme, and vision of the units? Rodriguez : Each unit is conceived as a unique custom residence with access from semi-private elevators or an interior gallery space. The concept is to open the resident up to natural light and views throughout the residence in as many areas as possible. The kitchens are inter-connected with the living spaces to allow for the best gathering and entertainment environment. The majority of residences open up to expansive outdoor living room spaces along the width of the unit. The feel and finishes at ALINA Residences were tailored to accommodate and fit the taste and individual lifestyle of their exclusive buyers. Color schemes are maintained within a neutral palette of soft muted light tones of whites and greys that enhance the feel of the open plan layouts, allowing each owner to customize their spaces through furnishing and art. High-end porcelains and natural stones, in conjunction with lacquer cabinetry and walnut wood accents, fill the space for a harmonious palette. The plumbing fixtures' sleek lines and sheen, act as appointed jewelry through the kitchen and bathrooms. Who did you work with to bring your design vision to life? Stromberg : Our internal team of around 10-15 architects and interior designers, landscape architects, engineers, various consultants, attorneys, the City of Boca Raton, and of course, a client with a vision. If you envision yourself as a future resident of ALINA Residences and its quaint, wellness-driven community, you can learn more about the property here . Posted by Live Modern on November 7th, 2022 Tags Behind the Design: ALINA Residences Boca Raton (1) Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
