# Top Fort Lauderdale Rooftop Bars

> Best Rooftop Bars in Fort Lauderdale

_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/best-rooftop-bars-in-fort-lauderdale.html_

Top Fort Lauderdale Rooftop Bars All Technology Design Lifestyle Best Rooftop Bars in Fort Lauderdale You can discover what makes Fort Lauderdale a great city on foot, but things get even better when you’re up in the air. We’re talking rooftop bars, and the city’s recent boom in alfresco dining and entertaining makes imbibing with friends even more enticing. Good news for locals—you can enjoy this experience year-round in South Florida, courtesy of the pleasant climate. Whether you’re looking for a date-night spot or want a change of scenery for happy hour, we’ve rounded up the best rooftop bars in Fort Lauderdale sure to have you coming back for more. Even better? There are plenty to choose from in various neighborhoods, so you’ll never have a shortage of epic views or destinations to enjoy. Cheers to that! Rooftop @1WLO First on the list is what set the scene for a rooftop boom in Fort Lauderdale: Rooftop @1WLO . Nestled atop TRP Taste on Las Olas Boulevard, this garden-inspired hangout offers panoramic views of the skyline plus a chill yet sophisticated vibe. The hand-crafted cocktails steal the show, so be sure to order the OG Garden Party cocktail or Into the Sunset. Happy hour runs Wednesday-Friday from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. and Saturdays from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. Enjoy $7 select spirits, $10 cocktails, and nibbles for $8. For those looking to get the weekend started early, head over for brunch with food offerings ranging from Straw-Guava French Toast to Bulgogi Beef Skewers. Neighborhood: Downtown The lowdown : Located in the heart of downtown, Rooftop @1WLO is within walking distance to residences such as 100 Las Olas and the Main Las Olas, making it a go-to neighborhood spot. Sparrow Perched 25 floors above ground, Sparrow is the tallest rooftop to grace Fort Lauderdale. It’s located inside the posh Dalmar Hotel on Federal Highway downtown and is a no-brainer to include on our rooftop bar list. From vibe-heavy DJ’s playing weekly to a food menu that’s just as impressive as its bar program, this hangout has all the makings of an excellent night out. If you go, order the Passion No. 5 cocktail and lobster mac n cheese, though you can never choose wrong here. Happy hour runs from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. during the week. Neighborhood: Flagler Village The lowdown: The Dalmar sits on the edge of Flagler Village and is accessible by locals in downtown proper. It's also a quick uber ride away for those closer to the beach. The Easton Rooftop Pool & Lounge This newcomer arrived on the scene last year with a debut featuring performer Diplo and a packed house. Don’t be fooled—while it sits atop The Courtyard Marriott in Flagler Village, this rooftop is decked out with a 2,000-square-foot pool deck and has the makings of a great time. Locals stop by for happy hour to soak in some city views and enjoy fun tipples like the Let’s Flamingle Punch, ideal for small groups. There’s also some great food selections including pool bites and heartier options for those who work up an appetite. Neighborhood: Flagler Village The lowdown: Also located in Fort Lauderdale’s Flagler Village neighborhood, the Easton is a quick Uber or walk away for young professionals. BarRita This Fort Lauderdale rooftop might be located only one floor above ground, but BarRita is still a must on this list. What’s not to love about noshing on chips, queso, and delicious margaritas with a view of the city in the distance? This outpost garners a crowd every day of the week—not just Taco Tuesdays—and is known for its colorful facade, glowing roof, and high-energy vibe. Be sure to make a reservation ahead of time as spaces fill up fast, especially during happy hour from 3:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. Monday-Friday. Order from a fun cocktail list including favorites like the Pineapple Express or the Don’t Be a Prick. Stay for the truffle street corn guac and diverse tacos ranging from Baja grilled shrimp to Wagyu beef birria. There’s also an epic “Buenos Dias” brunch menu offering everyone’s favorites mixed in with a few sweet and savory picks like the Tres Leches French Toast. Neighborhood: Poinciana Park The lowdown: Set just south of downtown, this bar is nestled in Poinciana Park on Andrews Avenue, making it an easy drive for those who live at downtown hotspots such as the Icon Las Olas, 100 Las Olas , and more. McSorley’s Beach Pub Headed to the beach? One rooftop bar worth checking out after a day of surf and sand is McSorley’s . A staple among locals who have called Laudy home over the decades, this Ireland-inspired pub and bar is set among three floors with a different vibe offered at each. Make your way to the third-floor terrace for beautiful expanses of the ocean and cool off with a drink in hand. This is a laidback spot for happy hour or to catch the big game on the big screens. Neighborhood: Fort Lauderdale Beach The lowdown : This rooftop is accessible by a handful of beachfront properties including the new Four Seasons Resort & Residences , Paramount Fort Lauderdale , W Residences , and more. Live and Play in Fort Lauderdale If you need other great ideas from a local, LiveModern would love to connect and help immerse you in all things Fort Lauderdale. We specialize in matching homebuyers with real estate based on their lifestyle , whether that includes boating, beachfront living, waterfront or downtown properties near entertainment, shopping and more. Posted by Live Modern on August 9th, 2022 Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
