# Best New Construction Condos In Brickell

> BEST NEW CONDOS TO LIVE IN BRICKELL. With so much New Construction popping up in Miami we wanted to help you with the choice of where to live by highlighting the best new condo buildings coming to bustling Brickell very shortly!

_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/best-new-construction-condos-in-brickell.html_

Best New Construction Condos In Brickell All Technology Design Lifestyle Best New Condos to Live in Brickell It seems everywhere you look these days, a new residential building is going up in South Florida. Miami is at the front of this development boom, with new condos being built in each of its neighborhoods. This trend began during the early days of the pandemic when people started flocking from high-tax states like New York and California in search of a place to live and work in an idyllic setting. In Miami alone, more than 52 new condos were announced last year in response to the recent wave of out-of-state residents. One Miami neighborhood that’s quickly growing is Brickell. This area is known for its walkability, sky-high towers, scenic views, and location near sought-after spots such as Brickell City Centre and an array of drool-worthy restaurants. So what are the best new construction condos to live in Brickell today? To start, we’ve compiled a list of new buildings in Miami’s Financial District that are on their way up, close to completion, or brand new. Whether you are a buyer, seller, or investor, these are the hotspot buildings in Brickell that you need to know now. Here’s what to expect if you’re planning to move. Natiivo 601 NE 1st Ave, Miami FL 33132 Completion: 2022 This vertically integrated community stands 51 stories high and features 448 condo residences, a 240-unit hotel named Gale Miami, plus the private social club Natiivo Social with over 70,000 square feet of amenities and a culinary experience by LDV Hospitality. Prices start at $480,000. In addition, future residents can enjoy a resort-style pool and fitness center inclusive of a Peleton studio, boxing ring, yoga and pilates lounge, and more. It’s also home to Creative HQ, Miami’s first-ever creative office space. Hospitality options abound with a street-front restaurant featuring an outdoor terrace and a spin-off concept of Miami’s famed “Bodega Taqueria y Tequila”. The development recently announced a partnership with Baia Beach Club, offering Natiivo buyers and brokers access to the beach club inside Mondrian South Beach during construction. Buyers will have membership access to the club for one year after the development opens. Baccarat Residences Brickell 444 Brickell Ave. Suite 800, Miami, FL 33131 Estimated Completion: 2024 Dreamt up by Related Group in collaboration with SH Hotels and Resorts is Baccarat Residences Brickell . The new 75-story tower offers 360 luxury units, including tower residences, penthouses, and riverfront villas, starting from $1.4 million. Its location showcases views of Biscayne Bay, the Miami River, and the city skyline. This marks Baccarat’s first collection of residences in the Miami market. Arquitectonica designed the project to resemble waves in a sea of glass, inspired by Baccarat’s iconic crystal creations. According to its website, the interiors blend 18th-century French design with 1930s Art Deco to create a “uniquely Miami feel,” including handcrafted Baccarat crystals at every turn. The tower’s five-star amenities include a fitness/wellness center inclusive of a Baccarat Hammam spa with steam room, meditation rooms, a club room featuring billiards, a wine cellar and a tasting room, plus private dining with a chef’s kitchen. Amenities include multiple pools, private cabanas, a private water taxi service, and Beach Club membership at 1 Hotel South Beach. Lofty Brickell 1101 S. Miami Ave, Miami, FL 33131 Estimated Completion: 2024 Another Brickell residence on its way up is Lofty , designed with the nomad lifestyle in mind. These residences will feature turn-key, fully furnished residences designed for those who want to spend more time working remotely. Located on the Miami River, the building will house studios, one- and two-bedroom apartments, and penthouses ranging from $550K to $3.3 million. The flexible-ownership condo partnered with global furnishing brand Artefacto with a collection of branded penthouses dubbed Lofty PH Collection, which will occupy the tower’s top nine floors. Artefacto x INC—a multi-disciplinary New York studio—is behind the design. Future owners can utilize a private marina, invitation-only speakeasy, rooftop deck with infinity pool, co-working spaces, juice bar, and social club. Lofty also launched the first-ever NFT art collective designed for condo owners. Each resident will receive a custom NFT upon a purchase of their residence, which marks a first for a condominium to commission and display an NFT collection. The artwork is done by four renowned artists in collaboration with Miami-based artist Carlos Betancourt, whose works focus on issues such as culture, memory, and beauty. Cipriani Residences Miami 1420 S. Miami Ave, Miami, FL 33130 Estimated Completion: 2025 The iconic Cipriani family, known for operating the famed Harry’s Pizza in Venice, Italy, has since expanded over the decades into an international hospitality empire featuring restaurants, luxury residential properties, private membership clubs, and more. Their latest venture is the Cipriani Residences in collaboration with the design firm 1508 London, which “captures the spirit of the brand.” There are 397 residences, ranging from one to four bedrooms, which start at $1.1 million. Inside, rooms house 10-foot ceilings, floor-to-glass windows, expansive terraces, plus panoramic views of sights like Biscayne Bay and the downtown skyline. Eat-in chef kitchens feature Italian cabinetry, Wolf Sub-Zero appliances, and Art Deco–inspired lighting. The bathrooms include a glass-enclosed shower, stand-alone bathtub, Dornbracht fixtures, and a back-lit mirror. Future residents can enjoy around-the-clock dining services by Cipriani (either in-home or private, reservable dining rooms). Other amenities include a sun terrace, two swimming pools outfitted with loungers and cabanas, a state-of-the-art fitness center, private screening room, holistic spa and sauna, pickleball court, golf simulator, and more. MAJOR Residences 888 Brickell Ave, Miami FL 33131 Estimated Completion: 2026 The latest residential building set to debut in Brickell is MAJOR Residences, which will stand at 1,049 feet upon completion and feature 259 one- to four-bedroom hybrid condo-hotel units. Prices start at $1.6 million. The residences are the brainchild of Major Food Group (MFG) co-founders Mario Carbone, Jeff Zalaznick, and Rich Torrisi, who are behind some of America’s most sought-after restaurants and hospitality venues, including Miami-based Carbone, Dirty French, and ZZ’s Club. The founders partnered with developer and builder JDS Development Group to create the sophisticated project, which marks a milestone for MFG in its global portfolio. To no surprise, the residences will offer an impressive collection of food and beverage amenities. Famed design firms Studio Sofield and Ken Fulk Inc. will oversee the complete design. Future residents can access a silver and gold swimming pool, plus a handful of other luxe amenities, which will be announced closer to the new year. Posted by Live Modern on August 30th, 2022 Tags Best New Construction Condos In Brickell (1) New Condo Buildings coming to Brickell Miami (1) Best New Condos in Brickell to live (1) Top New Construction Condos in Brickell Miami (1) Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
