# Best Waterfront Restaurants Near Boca Raton

> The most exclusive dining experiences have an exceptional atmosphere and a sensational view! Check out the best waterfront dining near Boca Raton here!


_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/best-waterfront-restaurants-near-boca-raton.html_

Best Waterfront Restaurants Near Boca Raton All Technology Design Lifestyle Best Waterfront Restaurants NEAR Boca Raton : Experiences to Savor Sprawling white sand beaches, clear azure waves gently lapping the shore, and soft breezes that lightly caress your face to wake you from slumber. This is life in heaven, known by locals as Boca Raton. While Boca Raton may not be a city that readily comes to mind when you think of luxury destinations across the globe, it is a best kept secret known in South Florida known for its prestige, country clubs and luxury lifestyle. This city boasts fantastic outdoor activities, a world-class art museum , and exceptional dining experiences to satisfy any palette. At LiveModern, our clients expect only the best from their homes and vacation properties, including the cities those properties are in. Our goal is always to grant you a level of exclusivity and splendor you can’t find anywhere else. That’s why we’ve documented what we think are the absolute best restaurants on the water near Boca Raton FL . This Palm Beach County city is extremely sought after, dubbed "the Beverly Hills of Florida". Any place you spend significant amounts of time will need to offer significant amenities. Remember, you’re not just buying a property; you’re investing into your new lifestyle and that includes location. Trust us when we say you’ll be spoilt for choice with the fine dining ! The Best Waterfront Restaurants near Boca Raton Qualifying for our list of the best restaurants on the water near Boca Raton is no easy feat. Those on the list need to have exceptional cuisine, unparalleled service, and of course, stunning vistas. There’s quite simply nothing more satisfying than delectable food and nourishing company as the sun delicately paints the water and sky orange. 1. Chanson at the Royal Blues Hotel Opulence comes to mind when we think of the Chanson at the Royal Blues Hotel . Every culinary desire and wish is catered to taking you on a seasonal journey of scrumptious South Florida. Their menu often changes, meaning just one visit isn’t enough to sample all they have to offer. We put the Chanson up there with the best ocean view restaurants near Boca Raton for its expansive sea views that are sure to impress. Serving breakfast, lunch, brunch, and dinner, everyone is sure to find something they love. Make sure you book in advance and request outdoor seating at sunset for the best spot to watch the show! 2. Latitudes Latitudes at the Delray Sands Resort is one of those culinary institutions that only comes around once in a hundred years. With five different dining spaces and a modern decor clearly influenced by the wavering blue hues of the ocean, Latitudes has earned its place as one of our top picks for ocean view restaurants . Featuring a distinctly South Florida vibe and views of the endless ocean in all directions, it’s the perfect spot to bring a significant other for cocktails and seafood while the sun dips below the waves. 3. The Cove Waterfront Restaurant and Tiki Bar A great dining experience is not the only thing on the menu at The Cove Waterfront Restaurant . For waterfront dining near Boca Raton , the views just can’t be beaten. With a menu ranging from the freshest seafood on the east coast to comfort food favorites such as burgers and craft beers, The Cove is without a doubt one of the best restaurants to travel to via boat, park, and eat on the water . Gorgeous views of the Intracoastal make it the perfect setting for meeting friends for drinks at the tiki bar to catch up while enjoying the view. Imagine parking your yacht after a day on the water and strolling over as they greet you with a gin and tonic at sunset. 4. Oceans 234 For the best fine dining near Boca Raton , Oceans 234 tops the list. World-renowned seafood dishes and awe-inspiring views make this an excellent choice for a special meal with that special someone. For dinner, we recommend the Thai pesto Mahi and shrimp or the Ora king salmon for unique and mouth-watering takes on scrumptious seafood. Why not start the journey with one of their signature cocktails like Mango on Fire or Seaside Sangria to match the rays of sun dancing on the waves? In addition, Oceans 234 will be offering the talents of top-tier chefs throughout 2022, making a dining experience here not to be missed. Imagine savoring the skill, love, and craftsmanship in every bite of the dishes prepared by experts such as their current chef-in-residence, Chef Paula, a Hell’s Kitchen veteran and master of magnificent flavors. 5. JB’s On the Beach If you’re looking for that laid-back beach vibe, JB’s On The Beach is where you need to be. With its succulent seafood and outdoor seating only a few steps away from the ocean, this makes JB’s one of the best waterfront restaurants near Boca Raton . Sip on one of their signature cocktails while you watch the world go by from the comfort of JB’s terrace. There’s simply no better way to spend an evening with friends or loved ones. Start Your New Waterfront Life in Boca Raton Stunning natural beauty and year-round summer aren’t the only luxuries in this city. At LiveModern, we know that experiences are what this life is really all about, and waterfront dining offers a feast for the senses that is second to none. But these delicious delicacies don’t have to be a one-off meal. If you’re considering a move to Boca Raton, get in touch with one of our agents for a consultation today. Every one of our world-class properties boasts amenities catering to the most discerning of tastes. From the latest technology and design standards, high-class gyms and pools, to floor-to-ceiling windows flooding your home with light and life, we’re sure to have a property to suit your needs. We focus only on the best real estate in South Florida, so you can rest assured each one is hand-picked by our experts with specialized knowledge of the area and local markets. So let us help you live well and LiveModern ! *images courtesy of referenced restaurant, no copyright infringement intended Posted by Live Modern on August 12th, 2022 Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
