# Nautilus 220: The New Construction Craze

> A little insider knowledge on what's happening with the Nautilus 220 New Construction project right now, and why people are not only choosing new construction over resales but also still choosing Nautilus as their new home to be.

_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/nautilus-220-the-new-construction-craze.html_

Nautilus 220: The New Construction Craze All Technology Design Lifestyle What have you heard about Nautilus 220 ? Yes, it's one of the most sought-after new construction condo projects in West Palm Beach. Yes, the features and amenities are simply top-notch. Yes, this building is a boater's dream and is bringing luxury to life. Hearing all of these great things get a little repetitive after a while, right?... Probably not! Because the building is just that great. But, what we DO want to do is give you a little insider knowledge on what's happening with the project right now, and why people are not only choosing new construction over resales but also still choosing Nautilus as their new home to be. If you’ve thought about buying a new construction condo in West Palm Beach but somehow Nautilus hasn't been on your radar, you may want to reconsider especially before it’s too late. This building is one of the most attractive yet luxury pre-construction buildings, so much so that some of its floor plans are already completely sold out. It’s located in Lake Park, in the heart of The Palm Beaches, in close proximity to everything, including Palm Beach International Airport, the pristine beaches, world-class golf, and unrivaled dining and shopping. Not that you’d need, much less want to leave the property with the extensive list of on-site features and amenities. Outside of the resort-style amenities, perfect location, and breathtakingly ambient backdrop, many people find Nautilus 220 to be very attractive because of its wide price point range. Nautilus condos initially started as low as $600k to around 3M depending on the floor plan (which is very uncommon for luxury new construction condos to be offered at such affordable prices). An additional perk for residents owning a boat or boating enthusiasts is the building partnered with the Marina so that owners have first availability to rent a dock right outside the building making aquatic adventures easy and convenient. With Nautilus over 50% sold, units are still going fast and interest in the building is continuing to rise. The condos are now ranging in price from $800k to 3M+ . Our preferred agents at The Modern Living Group were not only knowledgeable about this new construction project early in the pre-construction process but they were able to advocate for our clients, move quickly, and find them the perfect units to suit their needs before availability began to dwindle. Modern Living Group has sold 7 condos at Nautilus ranging from $700k to 1.64M and continues to work with clients who are interested in the building. Many clients who have the luxury of time and don't have an immediate need to move from their current home or condo are choosing to get everything they want and need out of a new construction project like Nautilus, without the bidding wars and slim availability that too often comes with resales. Real Estate is one of the only things that still appreciates with age and use (depending on the market).... so to purchase a unit at Nautilus while the value continues to appreciate (before anyone, including yourself, has ever lived there), is a smart investment and asset for yourself and your family. If you aren't familiar with what makes this building so special, we’ve got you covered. Nautilus 220 truly embodies resort-style living and modern luxury, it has the best of both worlds with a unique combination of city and waterfront lifestyles. This luxe development is alongside an active 100-slip marina with easy inlet access for snorkeling, scuba diving, jet skiing, and every other water sport that floats your boat. You can enjoy Private Beach Club Access on Singer Island or the on-site Chef David Burke Waterfront Restaurant. The one-acre (yes we said one-acre) outdoor amenity deck overlooking the Marina, Intracoastal Waterway, and the Atlantic Ocean is the active adult’s dream getaway, with a resort-style pool (with beach entry and wading area), large multi-jet spa and gazebo, a putting green, sundeck with lounge chairs and cabanas, a sunrise Brazilian wood yoga deck and summer kitchen for grilling. Some other Nautilus 220 amenities include mini-bowling, billiards, card tables, a multipurpose soundproof studio for music and podcasts, a golf simulator, a theater lounge, a club room, and so much more. Nautilus 220 is comprised of 330 one-to-three-bedroom residences in two, 24-story towers ranging from 1,100 to 3,400 sq. ft. featuring various floor plans with unobstructed water views. Buyer’s Agent, Jonathan Santiago says, “beyond the luxury appeal, buyers are attracted to the price point Nautilus is selling for compared to other New Construction projects on the water. While other waterfront projects in the area are starting in the multi-million dollar range, Nautilus is starting its prices at a significant decrease. This is what appeals to buyers looking for New Construction as an investment or permanent residence that would hold its value for the coming years.” We know that New Construction is popping up everywhere between Miami and West Palm Beach and there is a lot to choose from. Whether it is sleek Modern homes or architecturally impressive condo buildings, there are a variety of homes to select from. Some people struggle with the choice of new construction over pre-owned properties. We personally love New Construction but understand that it may not be for everyone depending on budget, lifestyle, and the immediate need to move or not. For consumers who can afford these soon-to-be treasures, the real appeal to New Construction is EVERYTHING is new. We know, it seems a bit obvious or cliche but go with us for a bit…. From appliances to heating and cooling systems (especially here in South FL) to impact windows and glass these are all less likely to need repairs that are often costly and more often simply just a headache to deal with. No pesky surprises, no inspection bad news ruining the real possibility of you owning your dream home. With New Construction you don't have to worry about any unexpected problems from a resale property. With New Construction you get more of what you want and less of what you don't, from contemporary design to modern and open floor plans, to state-of-the-art appliances. Whether you choose Nautilus, a new construction home, or a new construction condo building, you're exchanging anxiety for peace of mind. See how LiveModern can help you find the perfect home for your lifestyle & design style! Nautilus 220 Condos For Sale Bedrooms Bathrooms Price Range Save Search Sort by: Price, high to low Dropdown arrow $4,695,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #2112, Lake Park 3 Beds 4 Baths 3,149 SqFt $4,350,000 ↓ $150,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #2212, Lake Park 3 Beds 4 Baths 3,149 SqFt $4,249,000 ↓ $141,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #2012, Lake Park 3 Beds 4 Baths 3,149 SqFt $3,913,000 ↓ $337,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #2411, Lake Park 3 Beds 4 Baths 2,846 SqFt $3,500,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #1801, Lake Park 3 Beds 3 Baths 2,140 SqFt $2,895,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #2123, Lake Park 3 Beds 4 Baths 2,257 SqFt $2,700,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #1906, Lake Park 3 Beds 4 Baths 2,232 SqFt $2,650,000 ↓ $100,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #1508, Lake Park 3 Beds 4 Baths 2,232 SqFt $2,595,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #2202, Lake Park 2 Beds 3 Baths 1,908 SqFt $2,500,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #1908, Lake Park 3 Beds 4 Baths 2,232 SqFt $2,495,000 ↓ $205,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #502, Lake Park 3 Beds 4 Baths 2,309 SqFt $2,400,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #1808, Lake Park 3 Beds 4 Baths 2,232 SqFt $2,395,000 ↓ $200,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #1823, Lake Park 3 Beds 4 Baths 2,257 SqFt Pending $2,250,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #1910, Lake Park 2 Beds 3 Baths 1,780 SqFt $2,250,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #613, Lake Park 2 Beds 3 Baths 1,714 SqFt $2,240,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #2010, Lake Park 2 Beds 3 Baths 1,780 SqFt New $2,200,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #1506, Lake Park 3 Beds 4 Baths 2,232 SqFt $2,195,000 ↓ $380,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #908, Lake Park 3 Beds 4 Baths 2,232 SqFt $2,145,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #1207, Lake Park 2 Beds 3 Baths 1,802 SqFt $2,095,000 220 Lake Shore Drive #1202, Lake Park 2 Beds 3 Baths 1,908 SqFt 1 2 3 Next Arrow right Posted by Live Modern on May 11th, 2022 Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
