# Top 10 Best Date Night Spots in Miami

> Miami's Top 10 Best Date Night Spots. If you’re visiting or considering moving to the Miami area and looking for some insider tips from locals for that special date night spot, look no further!


_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/quick-guide-to-miamis-top-10-best-date-night-spots.html_

Top 10 Best Date Night Spots in Miami All Technology Design Lifestyle Quick Guide: Miami's Top 10 Best Date Night Spots Living in Miami is a lifestyle! If you’re visiting or considering moving to the Miami area and looking for some insider tips from locals for that special date night spot, look no further! We've got you covered! Take a journey on the waterside of the city and explore our top 10 places to relax and enjoy the company of your special someone. 1. Spa Day at Faena Unwind with a couple's massage or spa treatment at the luxurious Faena Hotel. With its glamorous setting and excellent service, you and your date are sure to feel like royalty. 2. Eat at Komodo in Brickell Sample some of Miami's best Asian cuisine at Komodo , located in the trendy Brickell neighborhood. The exquisite dishes and beautiful setting make for a perfect date night spot. 3. Beachwalk Enjoy the gorgeous views of the Miami coastline as you walk, jog, skate or bike along the beach. This is a great way to get some exercise while spending time together. It’s Miami so every beach is beautiful but try the park settings of Lummus Park or Crandon Park . 4. Superblue Miami Be transported to another world at Superblue Miami , an immersive art installation that is sure to dazzle and amaze. This is a perfect date night spot for those who appreciate art and creativity. 5. Rooftop Cinema Club Catch a classic film or new release at the Rooftop Cinema Club , located at 1212 Lincoln Rd. With its gorgeous setting and great selection of films, this is sure to be a date night you'll never forget. 6. Fratelli la Bufala Cooking Class For those with a culinary interest who love wine and Italian cuisine, try an interactive cooking date. Join the “Let’s Dough It” experience on Tuesday night where you will enjoy sipping wine and making woodfired pizza. Click HERE to sign up! 7. Wynwood Walls Check out the amazing street art at Wynwood Walls , an outdoor gallery that is home to some of the best graffiti artists in the world. This is a perfect date night spot for those who appreciate art and culture. 8. South Beach Take a stroll down what the locals call SoBe , one of Miami's most popular tourist beach destinations. With its white sand beaches and turquoise waters, this is a perfect spot to people watch and enjoy all things Miami. 9. Vizcaya Museum and Gardens Explore the Vizcaya Museum and Gardens, a historic estate that is home to beautiful gardens, sculptures, and artwork. This is a great date night spot for history buffs or anyone who loves spending time outdoors. 10. Bal Harbour Shops Browse the high-end shops at Bal Harbour Shops , where you can find everything from designer clothes to fine jewelry. This is a perfect date night spot for those who enjoy a little luxury in their life. Live and Play in Miami If you need other great ideas from a local, LiveModern would love to connect and help immerse you in all things Miami. We specialize in matching homebuyers with real estate based on their lifestyle , whether that includes boating, beachfront living, waterfront or downtown properties, entertainment, shopping, services, or just a night on the town. Posted by Live Modern on July 22nd, 2022 Tags Miami Best Date Night Spots (1) Miami's Top Date Night Spots (1) Best Date Night Spots in Miami (1) Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
