# Best Fort Lauderdale Neighborhoods for an Active Lifestyle

> Looking to find the best areas to live in Fort Lauderdale that are ideal for an active lifestyle? Check out this blog post from Florida's leading real estate brokerage!


_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/the-best-neighborhoods-in-fort-lauderdale-for-an-active-lifestyle.html_

Best Fort Lauderdale Neighborhoods for an Active Lifestyle All Technology Design Lifestyle The Best Neighborhoods in Fort Lauderdale for an Active Lifestyle So you’re an adventurer. You love to explore new things, meet new people, and try new activities. You’re the type of person that wakes up early to go for a run on the beach, or takes an evening walk to explore the different neighborhoods in your city. You’re looking for a place to call home that will allow you to live an active lifestyle and never be bored. If that sounds like you, then you’ll want to check out some of the nicest neighborhoods in Fort Lauderdale . You can find everything from beaches to tennis courts to kayaking and more. And of course, being in Florida, the weather is almost always perfect for outdoor activities. So whether you’re looking for a place to retire or just want to find a new neighborhood to call home, here are some of the best areas to live in Fort Lauderdale for an active lifestyle. Best Areas to Live in Fort Lauderdale for an Active Lifestyle Las Olas One of the most popular areas in Fort Lauderdale is Las Olas . This picturesque neighborhood is perfect for those that love to shop, dine, and be entertained. And, of course, it’s also great for those that love to live an active lifestyle. As you make your way east of Las Olas Boulevard, you’ll find that shops start to decrease, and postcard-perfect views of yachts and mega-mansions begin to appear. It’s here where you’ll find some of the best running paths in the city, but you can also find plenty of places to go kayaking, paddle boarding, and more. The 1.3 miles of Las Olas Blvd is a favorite among those who live here. Enjoy outdoor activities such as jogging, running, rollerblading, and biking, you’ll find dedicated bike lanes and plenty of green space. Watch the sunset as you jog along A1A Fort Lauderdale Beach Park. Or take a leisurely stroll down Las Olas Riverwalk and enjoy the sights and sounds of the city. There’s always something active to do in Las Olas. Riviera Isles South of Las Olas Blvd and Sunset Lake, Riviera Isles is a luxurious neighborhood that’s perfect for those that love the water. This area is home to some of the most beautiful mega-mansions in the city, as well as world-class marinas. If you love to sail, fish, or just enjoy being on the water, Riviera Isles is the place for you. There are plenty of charter companies that offer sailing excursions, and you can find some of the best fishing spots in the city. With direct access to the Atlantic Ocean, you’ll never tire of the views in Riviera Isles. And you’ll also have easy access to all the best beaches in Fort Lauderdale. The Fort Lauderdale Riverwalk This pedestrian-only path is perfect for those that want to enjoy the outdoors without having to worry about traffic. The Riverwalk stretches for miles along the New River, making it one of the best Fort Lauderdale neighborhoods for an active lifestyle. The path winds along both the south and north sides of the river, and there are plenty of places to stop and enjoy the views. You can also find restaurants, cafes, bars, and shops along the way. Shop for souvenirs, enjoy a bite to eat, and then continue on your journey. Anointed “Florida’s Most Beautiful Mile,” the Riverwalk boasts tropical vegetation, luxurious yachts, high-rise towers, and plenty of photo-worthy views. Perfect for those that want to take a leisurely stroll or go for a vigorous run, the Riverwalk won’t disappoint when living in Fort Lauderdale . Hollywood Beach If you’re looking for a place to enjoy the sand and surf, Hollywood Beach is the perfect spot. With its famous boardwalk, expansive beaches, and plenty of activities, there’s always something to do in this vibrant beach town. A one-of-a-kind destination, Hollywood Beach features a two-and-a-half-mile boardwalk that’s perfect for walking, jogging, biking, and rollerblading. You can also find plenty of shops, restaurants, cafes, and bars along the way. And of course, no trip to Hollywood Beach would be complete without spending some time on the golden shore. If you’re looking for activities that’ll get your toes in the sand, try volleyball, beach tennis, paddleboarding, or kayaking. Hollywood Beach doesn’t just offer sand and surf, but also a vibrant nightlife. When the sun goes down, the boardwalk comes alive with live music, street performers, and plenty of places to grab a bite or a drink. Hollywood Beach is truly one of the nicest neighborhoods in Fort Lauderdale for those that want to enjoy an active lifestyle. Victoria Park If you’re looking for a more laid-back atmosphere, Victoria Park is the perfect place to call home. This historic neighborhood is known for its tree-lined streets and charming bungalows. Despite its small-town feel, Victoria Park offers plenty of activities for those that want to stay active. There are plenty of parks to explore, as well as a golf course and tennis courts. You can also find a number of fitness studios and gyms in the area. And if you’re looking for someplace to cool off, Victoria Park is home to The Victoria Park Pool. This wonderful spot features a heated lap pool, as well as a separate area for kids. Victoria Park is one of the best Fort Lauderdale neighborhoods for families. With its excellent schools, lovely parks, and captivating bungalows, it’s easy to see why this neighborhood is so popular. Get Active in Fort Lauderdale With LiveModern No matter what kind of active lifestyle you’re looking for, you can find it in Fort Lauderdale. From the beaches to the Riverwalk to Victoria Park, there’s something for everyone in this beautiful city. Living in Fort Lauderdale opens doors to a whole world of opportunity. And with LiveModern , you can find the perfect place in Fort Lauderdale to call home. Whether you are looking for a condo, single family or townhome, we can help you find the perfect place in Fort Lauderdale and South Florida to live the active lifestyle you want to live. With plentiful knowledge of all that Fort Lauderdale has to offer, our agents provide the perfect basecamp for your next adventure. Contact us today and discover the best that Fort Lauderdale has to offer. We can’t wait to show you around! Posted by Live Modern on September 23rd, 2022 Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
