# The Changing Skyline of West Palm Beach Real Estate

> We take a look at some of the incredible new West Palm Beach properties and West Palm Beach condos on the changing skyline of this stunning city.

_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/the-changing-skyline-of-west-palm-beach-real-estate.html_

The Changing Skyline of West Palm Beach Real Estate All Technology Design Lifestyle The Changing Skyline of West Palm Beach Real Estate Like the seasons change from a scenic backdrop of natural beauty to beautiful hues signifying a fresh start, so too does the skyline of West Palm Beach. The city’s ever-growing skyline is a sign of progress and prosperity, as more and more people are discovering all that this amazing place has to offer, the glamor, the beach, and the waves of Palm Beach; nothing says luxury quite like this. West Palm Beach’s changing skyline sets a new standard for premium residential living. Separated from its neighboring Palm Beach by Lake Worth’s Lagoon, West Palm Beach is filled with high-end restaurants, designer stores, and the finest things Florida has to offer. And with so much going on, it’s no wonder that the real estate market here is booming. Investors and developers are taking notice of the city’s potential and are rapidly transforming the skyline with new construction projects. As a result, the face of West Palm Beach is changing fast, with the future looking very bright indeed. With unique architectural marvels being built across the skyline, the luxe lifestyle of West Palm Beach is now within reach for more people than ever before. Whether you’re looking for a brand-new condo, home or an investment property, there’s sure to be something here that catches your eye. Let’s take a look at some of the most notable changes to the West Palm Beach skyline in recent years. The Latest and Greatest in West Palm Beach Real Estate La Clara West Palm Beach Condos La Clara Condos have perfected the combination of high-rise luxury living in the center of one of the most sought-after communities and in the best neighborhoods in Palm Beach. This Palm Beach luxury building has natural stone and granite interiors overlooking the Intracoastal, each residence crowned with expansive sea view terraces. West Palm Beach real estate doesn’t get much better than this. La Clara’s facilities include a state-of-the-art fitness center, a yoga studio, an opulent swimming pool with Mediterranean-style day beds, and perfectly landscaped gardens. With stunning 1, 2, and 3-bedroom condos, this waterfront complex provides the opportunities to call West Palm Beach home. Oceanfront, Intracoastal & Palm Beach Island Views create an opportunity for the perfect view every morning. Learn more about La Clara here! The Bristol Another one of the incredible new collections of West Palm Beach condos within the area is The Bristol. Nothing says premium like a waterfront view, and this brand new development is right on the water. This is true luxury living at its finest. With unparalleled exclusivity, this 25-story build will be the first and last of its kind. One of the most recent and elegant developments, the glass exterior is a modern take on premium living. The residents-only amenities and the lifestyle aspect of living here gives owners access to a spa, treatment rooms, and a gym. With endless areas to socialize and do business, this is a gem within the West Palm Beach area and could be your next home. Whether you’re looking for somewhere to call home all year or somewhere to escape to when you want to be by the sea, this selection of West Palm Beach properties ensures we have something to suit you. Learn more about The Bristol here! Forte on Flagler Next up is Forte' on Flagler. Sitting on South Flagler Drive, Forte' stands high above the majestic waves with panoramic views of the Intracoastal and Atlantic Ocean. These will be some of the largest condos in West Palm Beach. With substantial wrap-around balconies and only 2 residents per floor, the floor-to-ceiling windows create endless views for the lucky people who move into them. Do you love waking up to the view of the water? How does a morning coffee and sunrise yoga sound? Amazing, right? Then Forte is for you. Forte is ideal for animal lovers, with a dog park to complete this oasis. This is just a snapshot of some of the incredible changes happening to the West Palm Beach skyline, as more and more developers are investing in this ever-growing city and with so many beautiful buildings being constructed, it’s easy to see why. Learn more about Forte here! South Flagler House The construction-changing skyline of West Palm Beach doesn’t stop there. The breathtaking South Flagler House will have endless unobstructed views of the Intracoastal waterway, Worth Avenue, and the Atlantic Ocean. South Flagler House will be popular with runners and those who love the outdoors, because of the location, making it the perfect destination for morning exercise. So if running along the intracoastal sounds like a dream for you, look no further. This is one of the most sought-after and unique West Palm Beach properties. 41 residencies spread over 25 floors give the occupiers the perfect place to call home. However, the penthouse’s 24th floor is the real crown jewel in this new development, with 360-degree views from their new waterfront property’s floor-to-ceiling windows and an individual property that takes up the entire floor. Embrace the tropical lifestyle with one of these beautiful new West Palm Beach condos; you won’t regret it! Learn more about South Flagler House here! Why Invest in West Palm Beach Condos & Houses for Sale? West Palm Beach real estate sits alongside some of the best bars and restaurants, a world-renowned art museum, and broadway quality shows. The best neighborhoods in Palm Beach have everything you could ever want. Known for its friendly beaches, epic sunsets, and piers ideal for fishing, West Palm Beach is perfect for families and couples. Clematis Street is known as West Palm Beach’s historic main street, while Antique Row along the Dixie Highway offers a unique experience for people who love to shop. There are also plenty of activities for those who love the outdoors, with more than 30 public golf courses, many tennis courts, and parks to enjoy by yourself or with friends and family. For those who want to take it easy, the numerous parks and recreation areas will be enjoyable, including the Grassy Waters Preserve, which is perfect for picnics. The area has excellent schools, plenty of parks and recreational activities, a vibrant nightlife scene, and is just a short drive to many other attractions. With so much to offer residents and tourists alike, it’s no wonder that West Palm Beach condos for sale are in such high demand. Buying West Palm Beach properties is sure to be a sound investment. Not only will you enjoy all that the area has to offer, but your property is likely to appreciate in value as the city continues to grow in popularity. Invest in West Palm Beach Real Estate With LiveModern LiveModern is your go-to source for finding the best West Palm Beach real estate. With years of experience and a dedication to our clients, we will help you find the perfect property to suit your needs. We are local specialists and understand the nuance of each building and each area. So finding the perfect new home based on your unique values and lifestyle is exactly what we do. Providing you with the perfect place to start your new chapter of life along the waterfront. If you’re ready to make a new start today and want to live in the new luxury developments within West Palm Beach, contact us now for available inventory in the area. Posted by Live Modern on October 17th, 2022 Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
