# Top 5 Miami Condo Buildings We Love for Their Interiors

> Five of the best condo buildings we love for their interiors and overall living experience.

_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/top-5-miami-condo-buildings-we-love-for-their-interiors.html_

Top 5 Miami Condo Buildings We Love for Their Interiors All Technology Design Lifestyle Top 5 Miami Condo Buildings We Love for Their Interiors The Magic City is known to embody everything that makes a good life. There are culturally forward restaurants opening up at every corner, over-the-top events that attract global, high-power audiences, and endless miles of pristine beaches beckoning visitors near and far. It’s no surprise more out-of-towners are laying roots in South Florida. The Miami metro population grew to 6,215,000 residents —a .78 percent increase from last year alone. And they’re not all here to snap up real estate in the traditional way of buying a home. Condos and designer residences have been a hot commodity in the real estate market, with more than 52 (and counting) new and relaunched condo and residence projects announced since last year. With so many condos going up, it can become a little overwhelming to know which one is the right fit. Lucky for you, we’ve rounded up five of the best condo buildings we love for their interiors and overall living experience. Read on to learn about these standout properties. 1. Paramount World Center Standing just over 700 feet, Paramount World Center is hard to not miss in downtown Miami’s skyline. The soaring curvilinear glass tower was completed in 2019 and features 569 condo residences spread across 58 stories comprised of studios, one-, two-, and three-bedroom floor plans, in addition to luxe penthouses. Elkus Manfredi Architects and ID & Design International took on this project, which is certified LEED Silver (the most widely used green building system in the world). Notes of interest include private elevator access with private foyers, 10-foot ceilings, outdoor living rooms with panoramic city views, designer European kitchens, rain showers, and more. The building’s upper deck is home to incredible amenities such as poolside bungalows and daybeds, a summer kitchen with a barbecue, a soccer field, tennis courts, and a jogging path. In total, Paramount is the ultimate spot to call home in Miami. 2. Residences by Armani Casa Those looking to live the ultimate designer lifestyle can call Residences by Armani Casa home. This Sunny Isles crown jewel is sleek and modern, with breathtaking waterfront views for anyone who yearns for oceanfront living. Architect Cesar Pelli worked alongside designer Giorgio Armani Casa to bring this 56-story property to life in 2019. In short, amenities feature concierge and security, a full-service restaurant, spa and fitness center, an expansive pool, and access to some of Miami’s best shopping destinations, such as Bal Harbour Shops and Aventura Mall. Amenities aside, the real show-stopper at this property is the interiors. According to the website, designer Armani Casa says the project was born from his desire to see his design aesthetic at work in interior spaces. “We get the opportunity to create something very special—a remarkable living space imbued with the spirit of modern elegance,” he says. Gold, bronze, and green shades are visible in common areas, such as the curved entry. Residences range from two- to four-bedroom floor plans, all designed with modern appliances and floor-to-ceiling glass. Armani/Dada, a joint brand of the Italian design group Molteni&C and Armani, created the cabinetry in the kitchen. Master bedrooms feature a marble sink, and the bathrooms are finished with a tub designed by Armani/Roca, a team effort between the Roca Group and Armani. 3. One Thousand Museum One of downtown Miami’s most iconic buildings to date is thanks to the late architect Zaha Hadid. One Thousand Museum is a 62-story building in front of Museum Park, close to the Pérez Art Museum and Patricia and Phillip Frost Museum of Science. A standout feature of this skyscraper is the “exoskeleton” that curves up the sides of the recessed glass facades, which ultimately keeps floor plans free of internal columns. Hadid also designed the interiors, which feature her signature angular walls and curved surfaces. She also partnered with G.T. Design to create bespoke flooring designs and rugs in the common areas and apartments. Hadid tapped ITALKRAFT as a partner to deliver “world-class gourmet kitchens, dream closets, and designer bathrooms.” Each unit features Italian-crafted kitchens finished with matte white lacquer and dark Italian cabinetry, natural wood furnishings, and spacious designer closets. 4. The Estates at Aqualina At the intersection of design and technology is The Estates of Aqualina on beautiful Sunny Isles Beach. Featuring 248 residences and four- to seven-bedroom floor plans across two 50-story towers, this residency is the epitome of luxe living. It’s no surprise the developers called upon Chanel’s creative director Karl Lagerfeld to design two residential lobby spaces and their custom features, finishes, and furnishings, marking his first interior project in the U.S. Each estate comes furniture-ready and equipped with the finest appliances, imported stone countertops, smart-home technology, and 10-foot ceilings. According to its website, the estates’ master suites boast his and her bathroom suites with imported onyx countertops and walls plus marble floors, a free-standing tub, an ocean-view shower, and more. 5. Porsche Design Tower Luxury and elegance intersect with convenience and innovation inside another stunner in Sunny Isles: Porsche Design Tower . Soaring 60 stories high, Porsche Design Tower is one of the city’s tallest buildings at 641 feet. Its 132 residential units are all equipped with the latest and greatest technology you’d imagine for the price tag. Of note is the signature Dezervator (named after the tower’s developer, Gil Dezer), a one-of-a-kind elevator. The car elevator system was created to allow residents to not have to go to a garage to get their car or wait on valet—a bonus for high-profile guests. Instead, owners can drive their vehicle onto a turntable, which takes them to their private garage. Three Dezervators are on the property, all visible from the lobby. Each condo offers a relaxing escape with a pool on every resident’s balcony, plus large terraces and summer kitchens to enjoy killer oceanfront views. Residences are equipped with floor-to-ceiling glass windows, a Poggenpohl-designed kitchen with motorized doors and an expansive island, granite or marble countertops in the kitchen and bathrooms, Dornbracht fixtures in the kitchen and master bathroom, and private interior elevator in the duplex residences. For more information on the above condos or to check out even more options, head to Live Modern to find your new forever home. Posted by Live Modern on November 28th, 2022 Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
