# Forte Luxe, Jupiter

> Experience the pinnacle of luxury with Forte Luxe's new construction developments. Find waterfront homes for sale in Florida here. 


_source: https://www.livemodern.com/blog/unparalleled-luxury-forte-luxe-new-construction.html_

Forte Luxe, Jupiter All Technology Design Lifestyle Unparalleled Luxury: Forte Luxe New Construction A glistening jewel on the Intracoastal Waterway, Forte Luxe is a new construction community of just 15 multi-level waterfront townhomes. This truly extravagant enclave provides homeowners with expansive living spaces, private boat slips, and endless water views. No detail has been overlooked in the construction of these bespoke homes, which are as magnificent as their waterfront setting. From the contemporary architectural aesthetic to the use of natural materials, each home has been designed to take full advantage of its location. Whether you’re looking for a primary residence, vacation home, or investment property, Forte Luxe offers unrivaled luxury and unparalleled value. This article will explore some of the key features that make this community so special, and dive into the details of what makes Forte Luxe such a unique and desirable place to live. Let’s start with the location. The Location of Forte Luxe New Construction Forte Luxe is situated on a peninsula across the Intracoastal Waterway from Jupiter Island. This prime location provides residents with sweeping water views, quick and easy access to the Atlantic Ocean, and a wealth of recreational opportunities. With an abundance of pristine beaches and natural attractions, Jupiter-Tequesta’s lure is hard to resist for anyone who appreciates coastal living. In addition to being surrounded by gorgeous scenery, residents of the highly desirable Forte Luxe waterfront townhouse community enjoy a sophisticated lifestyle with plenty of options for fine dining, shopping, and enriching cultural entertainment. Dining Destinations for Forte Luxe Residents With plenty of casual and high-end dining options, Jupiter-Tequesta will surely have something for everyone’s taste buds. Sea lovers can enjoy fresh seafood, tropical drinks, and live music at any number of waterfront restaurants, including Schooners , Guanabanas , and The Square Grouper . If you’re looking for a luxurious meal, 1000 North , The Woods Jupiter , and Jetty’s Waterfront Restaurant are all within reach. However, if you’d rather go somewhere more laid back, there are plenty of excellent local and chain restaurants nearby as well. An Outdoor Lover’s Paradise In addition to the endless waterfront views, one of the best things about living near Jupiter-Tequesta is the abundance of outdoor activities. Embrace your inner beach bum and spend your days lounging on the sand, paddle-boarding, kayaking, or exploring the beautiful coral reefs. Jupiter Inlet is only 55 nautical miles away from the west end of the Bahamas, making it an ideal place to access the Atlantic Ocean for all your boating and fishing needs. For those who prefer to stay on land, there are plenty of options for hiking, biking, and golfing in the area. With over 50 public and private courses, golfers of all skill levels will be able to find the perfect place to tee off. Hiking and biking trails abound in Jupiter-Tequesta, and many of them offer stunning views of the natural scenery. Blowing Rocks Preserve, Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, and DuBois Park are all great places to explore if you’re looking to escape the hustle and bustle of everyday life. The Arts and Entertainment Scene Did you know that Jupiter-Tequesta is home to the world-renowned Maltz Jupiter Theatre ? This professional regional theater produces everything from Broadway musicals to contemporary dramas, and has been entertaining audiences since 2003. Intimate theaters and museums are also plentiful. The Florida Ballet, iThink Financial Amphitheater , and the state-of-the-art Kravis Center for the Performing Arts offer a variety of educational and cultural events throughout the year. Downtown Abacoa is lovely and bustling, with a full slate of family activities ranging from a green market and art shows, to Spring Training MLB at Roger Dean Stadium . For those who enjoy shopping, Downtown at the Gardens and The Gardens Mall are both excellent places to find high-end retail stores, unique boutiques, and even more delicious restaurants. A truly elevated lifestyle awaits residents of Forte Luxe. The Homes of Forte Luxe New Construction With only fifteen homes available, this exclusive Jupiter community provides residents with a truly unique and luxurious living experience. Each home is thoughtfully designed to merge modern architectural aesthetics with the area’s natural surroundings, as it seamlessly blends indoor and outdoor living. The three-story townhomes range in size from 2,964 to 4,050 square feet and feature four to five bedrooms and four-and-a-half bathrooms. As you step inside, you’ll be greeted by a grand foyer with a dramatic staircase leading up to the main living area. A gourmet kitchen with top-of-the-line appliances and an oversized island is perfect for entertaining, and the spacious living and dining areas provide the ideal backdrop for hosting dinner parties or relaxing with family and friends. Waterfront views abound, and private boat slips are available for vessels up to 60 feet. Floor plans range from 3,800 to over 4,500 square feet, providing ample space for both formal and informal living and entertaining. No detail has been overlooked in the construction of these bespoke residences. From the custom Italian cabinetry to the luxurious outdoor living spaces, every aspect of Forte Luxe has been designed with the utmost attention to detail. Let’s take a deeper dive into a few of the most notable features of these beautiful homes: An expansive great room features full-height glass doors and windows to display breathtaking views. The private garage provides an excellent view of the sandy beach and gorgeous turquoise water. Private interior elevators. High ceilings, and the windows and doors are full height, letting in plenty of light. A beautiful terrace overlooking the water, perfect for hosting parties or enjoying a quiet meal outdoors. Our outdoor gas grills make al fresco dining easy and fun. The elevated balconies offer stunning views of the Intracoastal, perfect for any evening. Engineered hardwood or large-format porcelain flooring is in every room of the house. Kitchens with designer European-inspired cabinetry, Quartz countertops with a waterfall island, and top-of-the-line appliances and fixtures. On the same level as the Owner’s Suite, there is a separate laundry room with a full-size washer and dryer for convenience. Walk-in closets fit for a queen and spa-like retreat bathrooms that will leave you feeling refreshed and rejuvenated. The bathrooms in this designer-appointed home include European cabinetry, premium Quartz countertops, soaking tubs, designer fixtures, and glass-enclosed walk-in showers. Your home features tastefully decorated rooms with high-quality lighting, like recessed lights and unique fixtures near the front door and dining room. With all of the above included in your home, as well as so much more, it’s easy to see why Forte Luxe is such a sought-after waterfront community. It’s hard to find a waterfront townhouse community that offers all of these features and amenities, especially in such a captivating location. Forte Luxe provides the perfect setting for those who love an active lifestyle, while also offering the peace and quiet of a secluded waterfront oasis. Secure Your Place in Paradise With just fifteen homes available, this exclusive Jupiter-Tequesta community won’t be on the market for long. A waterfront address this exceptional requires a property of equal stature, and that’s precisely what is provided by the bespoke homes at Forte Luxe new construction. If you’re interested in securing your place in this one-of-a-kind community, don’t hesitate to reach out to our team of experts at LiveModern . Waterfront homes for sale in Florida are our specialty, and we would be honored to help you find your perfect match. For more information about Forte Luxe or any of the other new construction communities in Jupiter or Palm Beach County, contact us today! We’ll be happy to answer any of your questions and help you get started on your waterfront home search. Your dream home awaits. Welcome to Forte Luxe . Posted by Live Modern on November 16th, 2022 Facebook Share this post on Facebook Twitter Tweet this post on Twitter Email Send a link to post via Email Leave A Comment
