# LiveModern // About

> About LiveModern - powered by Compass agents and Modern Living Group in South Florida. Do you love Modern design and lifestyle? We are your people. 

_source: https://www.livemodern.com/about_

Home About Us LiveModern // About About LiveModern LiveModern is a curated collection of the best real estate in South Florida. It's the place for modern enthusiasts to search for their new dream home and be inspired. We understand what you want because we are modern enthusiasts ourselves. Whether it's mid-century modern, industrial modern, or warm farmhouse modern, we love it all - and want to find YOU what you're looking for. Find your dream modern home with our trusted agents all over Florida. We have Florida's 1% of top agents working exclusively in the neighborhood your next home is in. With a passion for modern real estate, and years of experience helping local buyers and sellers just like yourself, we know how to locate the finest properties and negotiate the best deals. It's our job to know about the latest market conditions, government regulations, and upcoming developments — so that you don't have to. Not only are we experts in the business of Real Estate but we understand the way of the future. We understand that technology has and will continue to make life easier and more accessible. Our goal is to make your search for your dream home not only easier and faster, but much more enjoyable along the way. The future of LiveModern is technology driven and lifestyle focused. With search for your new modern home made easier and more complete with curated searches based on your lifestyle. Whether you enjoy downtown urban living, or have a passion for beach life, boating or golfing, we'll have you covered. We want to make the search for your home less cumbersome and more inspiring. Our Founder An entrepreneur at heart, Patrick Lafferty has always loved building businesses that solve problems and create value for clients. Creating a niche community for modern enthusiasts, like himself, has been his vision for many years. LiveModern is a platform for people to come together and celebrate modern design, technology, and lifestyle. Patrick's Background Patrick’s passion for design and love for technology drove him to create Modern Living Real Estate, a boutique West Palm Beach-based real estate brokerage focused on the luxury condo and historic home market. After 10 years of building the business with an eye always on the future of real estate, Patrick decided that his brand aligned so well with Compass’s “high tech, high touch” approach, he decided to become a founding agent for Palm Beach County. Believing that technology should enhance but not complicate the process, he provides his clients a smooth and memorable experience through what can be one of life’s most stressful transactions. He believes in building relationships, possessing razor-sharp knowledge of inventory, and giving clients a “wow” level of service. For many years, Patrick has consistently been a top producer for Compass. Compass Not only does our local expertise and experience help our clients obtain their home goals, but our Compass reach also takes it a step further. Compass is a nationwide brokerage with over 20,000 agents all over the world. While many South Florida residents live here their whole lives, others have second homes here. With our company’s nationwide coverage we can help your home goals wherever they may be. Technology focused and marketing driven, Compass provides ease of property promotion, home analysis, and concierge style service etiquette. With each step of the home buying and selling process, we excel in guiding our clients through to find their place in the world. Find Your Dream Home Today At home or on the go, listings are always with you. When it comes to convenience, our site is unparalleled. Whether you're in the comfort of your home, or on the go, our site works flawlessly on multiple devices so you can find the information you need. Search Now What's your home worth? Get a FREE Comparative Market Analysis in today's market.
